docs(core): improve Signals conceptual guidance (#69204)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/signals/overview.md

A useful rule of thumb is:

- Use `signal` for state.
- Use `computed` for derived state.
- Use `effect` for side effects.

When working with signals, prefer deriving values over synchronizing values. If one value can be calculated from another, represent that relationship with `computed` instead of manually keeping multiple signals in sync.

### Prefer derivation over synchronization

When a value can be expressed as a function of other state, model it as a derivation instead of maintaining multiple sources of truth.

Prefer:

```ts
const fullName = computed(() => `${firstName()} ${lastName()}`);
```

Over:

```ts
const fullName = signal('');

effect(() => {
  fullName.set(`${firstName()} ${lastName()}`);
});
```

Derived state stays consistent automatically and avoids unnecessary mutable state.

### Choosing between computed and effect

Both `computed` and `effect` react to signal changes, but they serve different purposes.

Use `computed` when you need to calculate a value from other signals:

```ts
const total = computed(() => price() * quantity());
```

> Use `effect` when you need to interact with APIs, browser storage, logging, analytics, or other non-reactive systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `effect` when you need to update something outside Angular’s signal model, such as browser storage, logging, analytics, or a third-party UI library.
```

Reviewer: APIs can be interpreted differently depending on the user,  so it's best for us to be more explicit.

Author: Thanks, that wording better captures the intent. Applied.

```ts
effect(() => {
  localStorage.setItem('theme', theme());
});
```

> A simple guideline is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, you'll want to follow the general guidelines:
```

- If you're calculating a value, use `computed`.

> - If you're causing something to happen, use `effect`.

Reviewer: The phrasing on this is too generic. Consider a more specific example:

```suggestion
- If you need to synchronize signal state to an external non-reactive system, use `effect`.
```
